Balanced Accuracy
89.351509
Accuracy - I
cat: testI_0001.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0002.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0003.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0004.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0005.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0006.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0007.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0008.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0009.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0010.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0011.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0012.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0013.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0014.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0015.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0016.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0017.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0018.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0019.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0020.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0021.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0022.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0023.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0024.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0025.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0026.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0027.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0028.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0029.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0030.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0031.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0032.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0033.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0034.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0035.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0036.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0037.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0038.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0039.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0040.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0041.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0042.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0043.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0044.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0045.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0046.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0047.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0048.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0049.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0050.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0051.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0052.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0053.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0054.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0055.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0056.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0057.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0058.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0059.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0060.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0061.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0062.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0063.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0064.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0065.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0066.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0067.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0068.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0069.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0070.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0071.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0072.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0073.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0074.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0075.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0076.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0077.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0078.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0079.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0080.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0081.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0082.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0083.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0084.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0085.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0086.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0087.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0088.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0089.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0090.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0091.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0092.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0093.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0094.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0095.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0096.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0097.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0098.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testI_0099.dat.acc: No such file or directory
Accuracy - RT
cat: testRT_I_0001.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0002.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0003.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0004.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0005.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0006.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0007.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0008.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0009.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0010.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0011.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0012.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0013.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0014.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0015.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0016.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0017.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0018.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0019.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0020.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0021.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0022.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0023.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0024.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0025.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0026.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0027.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0028.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0029.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0030.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0031.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0032.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0033.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0034.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0035.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0036.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0037.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0038.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0039.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0040.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0041.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0042.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0043.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0044.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0045.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0046.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0047.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0048.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0049.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0050.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0051.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0052.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0053.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0054.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0055.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0056.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0057.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0058.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0059.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0060.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0061.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0062.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0063.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0064.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0065.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0066.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0067.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0068.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0069.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0070.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0071.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0072.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0073.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0074.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0075.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0076.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0077.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0078.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0079.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0080.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0081.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0082.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0083.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0084.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0085.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0086.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0087.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0088.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0089.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0090.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0091.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0092.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0093.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0094.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0095.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0096.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0097.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0098.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testRT_I_0099.dat.acc: No such file or directory
Accuracy - D
cat: testD_0001.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0002.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0003.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0004.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0005.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0006.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0007.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0008.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0009.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0010.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0011.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0012.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0013.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0014.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0015.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0016.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0017.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0018.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0019.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0020.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0021.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0022.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0023.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0024.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0025.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0026.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0027.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0028.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0029.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0030.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0031.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0032.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0033.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0034.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0035.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0036.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0037.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0038.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0039.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0040.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0041.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0042.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0043.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0044.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0045.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0046.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0047.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0048.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0049.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0050.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0051.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0052.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0053.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0054.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0055.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0056.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0057.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0058.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0059.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0060.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0061.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0062.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0063.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0064.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0065.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0066.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0067.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0068.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0069.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0070.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0071.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0072.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0073.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0074.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0075.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0076.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0077.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0078.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0079.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0080.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0081.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0082.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0083.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0084.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0085.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0086.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0087.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0088.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0089.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0090.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0091.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0092.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0093.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0094.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0095.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0096.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0097.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0098.dat.acc: No such file or directory
cat: testD_0099.dat.acc: No such file or directory
